NSFW Content Removal Reasons
Version 2025-05-20-1

Replace the content inside ///// sectionals \\\\\ to fit the rules of your subreddit.

To read this document more easily, select the options in the top right (...) and "Wrap Lines" for line text on this page.



- - - - -



1
18+ Age of Consent
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - 18+ Age of Consent
Content must be of individuals 18+ years old. You must be 18+ years old to view or post in this subreddit. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



2
Content Verification and Impersonation
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Content Verification and Impersonation
All content creators must be properly verified through the subreddit's verification process. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!

///// OR \\\\\

Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Content Verification and Impersonation
Users are not required to verify to post content in this community, but impersonation is prohibited. Posts that imply that the content is self-posted (using words I, Me, My, etc) should be posted by the creator. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



3
Be Cool, Calm, and Civil
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Be Cool, Calm, and Civil.
Please follow Reddiquette and the Reddit Content Policy, treat everyone with respect, and do not use ALL CAPS or CrAzY cAsE. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



4
Content Formatting and English Only
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Post Formatting and English Only.
This is an English-only subreddit, and posts require short, accurate titles with the correct flairs. Your content might also be removed for using ALL CAPS, CrAzY CaSe, #hashtags, or special characters and emojis. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



5
Post Relevant Content
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Post Relevant Content
Content must be properly marked as NSFW, on-topic, and contribute to the discussion. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



6
No Spam, Off-Topic, or Banned Content 
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Spam, Off-Topic, or Banned Content.
Content found to be spam or off-topic may be removed under this rule. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



7
No Advertising Products, Services, Polls, etc

Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Advertising Products and Services, Data Collection Surveys, or Fundraisers.
Do not advertise, request donations, link to payment processors, or offer to buy/sell items or services. Polls or Surveys must be approved by the moderators to be posted. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!

///// OR \\\\\

Advertise Up To 2 Posts Daily

Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Advertising Restrictions
Please limit advertising posts to 2 per day in the comments. Do not request donations, link to payment processors, or offer to buy/sell items or services. Polls or Surveys must be approved by the moderators to be posted. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



8
No Personal Information

Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Personal Information
Do not post or solicit any personal information of the users who post, those in the content, or others. This includes names, addresses, phone numbers, contact information, real-world locations, and social media profiles. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!

///// OR \\\\\

No Personal Contact Information
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Personal Contact Information
Posting the identities of individuals is ///// ALLOWED / REQUIRED \\\\\ in this community. 
Do not share addresses, phone numbers, or real-world locations unless they have publicly announced that info themselves (such as attending a public event, etc). If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



9
No Shortened or Obfuscated Links
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Shortened or Obfuscated Links.
Do not use obfuscated links such as Google or AmpProject, or link shorteners such as Bit.ly. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



10
No Disruptive or Disturbing Content
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Disruptive or Disturbing Content
Do not post content that could be triggering or distressing to others.
If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



11
No Encouraging Dangerous or Illegal Activities
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Encouraging Rule Violations or Bad Behavior
Do not encourage other users to break the rules (subreddit, site-wide, or real-world laws).
Do not encourage others to jeopardize their safety or the safety of others. 
If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



12
Treat Moderators and Volunteers with Respect
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Treat Moderators and Volunteers with Respect.
Do not speak poorly of other moderators, administrators, different subreddits, or third-party platforms. Do not discuss moderator actions taken against a specific user or engage in disputes over moderator decisions. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



13
Follow Specific Event or Activity Guidelines
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Follow Specific Event or Activity Guidelines.
Follow all rules and terms of service for all platforms and tools used during events. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



14
Involuntary Pornography, Copyright and Takedown Policy
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - Copyright and Takedowns.
Do not post images, videos, or content without the consent of all people involved. Have full permission to post as the owner or from the copyright holder. Takedown requests are honored by anyone within the content, regardless of ownership. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!






 --- Removed Rules: ---

No Reposts, Excessive Cross-Posts, or Karma Farming
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Reposts or Karma Farming
Do not excessively cross-post the same content across multiple (5+) subreddits in 24 hours.
Content reposted within 14 days will be removed. Do not ask for karma upvotes - vote manipulation violates Reddit site-wide rules.
If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. 
We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



No Text in Images
Your content has been removed for violating the rule - No Text in Images
Do not post content with text filters, add-ons, or watermarks other than with your own Reddit username.
If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!





_
