To read this document more easily, select "Soft Wrap" instead of "No Wrap" for line text on this page.

###### PLEASE NOTE: ######
Some of these removal reasons are different from the names of the rules, such as Rule 9.
This is because there is a character limit on removal reason names.
When viewing Removals under Saved Responses, it will appear as if the Message content is cut off,
but it is just a visual display bug. Edit the rule to view the full text. Good luck!


1
Be Cool, Calm, and Civil
Your content has been removed for violating the rule to Be Cool, Calm, and Civil.
Please follow Reddiquette and the Reddit Content Policy, treat everyone with respect, and do not use ALL CAPS or CrAzY cAsE. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



2
Post Formatting and English Only
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for Post Formatting and English Only.
This is an English-only subreddit, and posts require short, accurate titles with the correct flairs. Your content might also be removed for using ALL CAPS, CrAzY CaSe, #hashtags, or special characters and emojis. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



3
Share Honest and Accurate Information
Your content has been removed for violating the rule to Post Honest and Accurate Information.
Do not impersonate, make false claims, spread false information, or link to tabloids and fake news content. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



4
Post Relevant Content
Your content has been removed for violating the rule to Post Relevant Content.
Content not properly marked as NSFW, off-topic or considered low value may be removed. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



5
No Spam, Off-Topic, or ///// Banned Allowed \\\\\
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Spam, Off-Topic, or Banned Content.
Content found to be spam or off-topic may be removed under this rule. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. 



6
No Political, Religious, or Disruptive Content
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Political, Religious, Disruptive or Disturbing Content.
Avoid topics that users may find sensitive or cause arguments such as politics, religion, or other current events. Do not post content that could be triggering or distressing to others. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



7
No Personal Information or Professional Advice
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Personal Information or Professional Advice.
Do not post or solicit any personal information. This includes names, addresses, phone numbers, contact information, real-world locations, and social media profiles. Do not post professional advice as a lawyer, doctor, or financial accountant. Do not share addresses, phone numbers, or real-world locations unless publicly announced (such as attending a public event, etc). If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



8
No Shortened or Obfuscated Links
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Shortened or Obfuscated Links.
Do not use obfuscated links such as Google or AmpProject, or link shorteners such as Bit.ly. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



9
No Advertising Products, Services, Polls, etc

Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Advertising Products, Services Data Collection or Fundraisers.
Do not advertise, request donations, link to payment processors, or offer to buy/sell items or services. Polls or Surveys must be approved by the moderators to be posted. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!

///// OR \\\\\

Advertise Up To 2 Posts Daily

Your content has been removed for violating the rule for Advertising Restrictions.
Please limit ad posts to 2 per day in the comments. Do not request donations, link to payment processors, or offer to buy/sell items or services. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



###### DISABLED RULE - 12 #######
No Reposts, Excessive Cross-Posts, or Karma Farming
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for No Reposts or Karma Farming.
Do not excessively cross-post the same content across multiple (5+) subreddits in 24 hours. Content reposted within 14 days will be removed. Do not ask for karma upvotes - vote manipulation violates Reddit site-wide rules. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



10
No Encouraging Rule Violations or Bad Behavior
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for Encouraging Rule Violations, Bad Behavior, Dangerous or Illegal Activities.
Do not encourage other users to break the rules (subreddit, site-wide, or real-world laws). Do not encourage others to jeopardize their safety or the safety of others. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



11
Treat Moderators and Volunteers with Respect
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for Treat Moderators and Volunteers with Respect.
Do not speak poorly of other moderators, administrators, different subreddits, or third-party platforms. Do not discuss moderator actions taken against a specific user or engage in disputes over moderator decisions. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



12
Follow Specific Event or Activity Guidelines
Your content has been removed for violating the rule to Follow Specific Event or Activity Guidelines.
Follow all rules and terms of service for all platforms and tools used during events. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!



13
Copyright and Takedown Policy
Your content has been removed for violating the rule for Copyright and Takedowns.
Do not post images, videos, or content without the consent of all people involved. Have full permission to post as the owner or from the copyright holder. Takedown requests are honored by anyone within the content, regardless of ownership. If you have any questions, please send the moderation team a message. We’re grateful for your participation in the community and encourage you to post again!





